README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on ZEIT Now

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [ZEIT Now Platform](https://zeit.co/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add postgres database connection

README.md, after:

## PI install

* Postgres - https://opensource.com/article/17/10/set-postgres-database-your-raspberry-pi

Knex - install globally `npm install knex -g

* Node 
    - Do not use nvm as there are issues with sudo and RaspIO.
    - https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-node-js-on-ubuntu-18.04/#installing-nodejs-and-npm-from-nodesource



This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on ZEIT Now

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [ZEIT Now Platform](https://zeit.co/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
